Data is downloaded from this india stock market website
url : https://www.bseindia.com/markets/equity/EQReports/StockPrcHistori.html?flag=0

sign in to your aws account
search for rds
click create database
select microsoft sql server
allow public access every other remain unchange.
click create database
click on the rds name you created and copy the endpoint.
then go to mysql server management studio
paste the endpoint to server name 
If you are having connection issue.
Go to your default security group from your rds and add a custom TCP of 1433 port using your IP address.
- You can get your IP address from whatismyipaddress.com

Additionally if the error persist go to your 
    Open "SQL Server Configuration Manager"

    Now Click on "SQL Server Network Configuration" and Click on "Protocols for Name"

    Right Click on "TCP/IP" (make sure it is Enabled) Click on Properties

    Now Select "IP Addresses" Tab -and- Go to the last entry "IP All"

    Enter "TCP Port" 1433.

    Now Restart "SQL Server .Name." using "services.msc" (winKey + r)

Download the data of ICICI Bank of January 2003 to July 2023 stock
Add a symbol "ICICI Bank" column to the dataset.

Go to your microsoft SQL Server Management studio
select Database 
select rdsadmin
left click and choose task 
select import data
select flat file source
select all files below
click next 
Under Destination: Microsoft OLE DB Provider for SQL Server
select "Use SQL Server Authentication"
Select New if you have not create a Database and create One
After that click next
Note: Make sure you have closed the ICICI Bank dataset on your machine before you click finish 
Unless it will not run. 
Add id to the column because the data do not have id column
query for the column: 
alter table [india-equity-stock].[dbo].[financial-dataset] add id int not null identity(1,1)
Sign in to your google cloud account and open your cloud shell and type :
gcloud config set project dataflow-stockdata
Then "Authorize cloud shell" and type "y" to set the project dataflow-stockdata
Open your cloud shell editor and open your terminal
make a folder "mkdir bq-etl-2023"
then cd into the folder you created
open your cloud shell editor and click on the folder "bq-etl-2023"
click on the 3 dots on the top right corner of your cloud shell editor
And upload the deployment_manager folder 
then cd into your deployment_manager
Added 2023 to the end of the names.
then run this command :
gcloud deployment-manager deployments create gcp-bq-etl-deployment-2023 --config finance_project_deployment.yaml
You need to grant your project " Deployment Manager Editor" 
The steps below:

    Open Google Cloud Console:
    Sign in to the Google Cloud Console (https://console.cloud.google.com/) with your Google account.

    Select the Project:
    Ensure that you have selected the project to which you want to add the Deployment Manager role. You can switch between projects using the project selector dropdown in the top navigation bar.

    Access IAM & Admin:
    In the Google Cloud Console, click on the navigation menu (☰) in the top left corner, then navigate to "IAM & Admin" > "IAM."

    Add Member:
    In the IAM section, you will see a list of IAM roles assigned to different members (users, service accounts, and groups). Click on the "+ ADD" button to add a new member.

    Enter Member Email:
    In the "Add members" dialog, enter the email address of the user to whom you want to grant the Deployment Manager role. If you want to grant the role to a Google Group or a service account, you can also enter their respective email addresses.

    Choose Role:
    In the "Select a role" dropdown, type "Deployment Manager" in the search bar to find the available roles related to Deployment Manager.

    Select Role:
    Choose the appropriate role that you want to assign. Commonly used roles related to Deployment Manager include:

    Deployment Manager Editor: This role allows users to create and manage deployments but not modify IAM policies.
    Deployment Manager Admin: This role allows users to create and manage deployments, as well as modify IAM policies.
    Choose the role that aligns with the level of access you want to grant.

    Optional: Assign More Roles (if needed):
    If you need to assign additional roles, you can click the "+ ADD ANOTHER ROLE" button and repeat the process. For example, you might want to grant the user other permissions like Compute Engine Admin, Storage Admin, etc., depending on their responsibilities.

    Save:
    After selecting the role(s), click on the "SAVE" button to add the Deployment Manager role to the member.
